This repository contains a simple website template which will be used personally by Damian Testa for maintaining personal information and his learnings about his personal projects and hobbies. We'll be updating it to meet the requirements I'll describe in this file to suit his needs.

There is an additional folder, "old-site", which contains the existing website content. We're not going to preserve much of this but I'll reference bits and pieces of it as part of the requirements definition, so read it for context after reading the template site.

Firstly, we'll be making some simple visual changes to the site:
1. The landing page contains a single large feature image behind an opacity over which text is displayed. We want to instead show the feature image in a window off to the side with the title and body text displayed alongside the image in a way similar to the "home" page on the old website. Don't copy it exactly but take inspiration from the layout and apply that to the new site's landing page. 
2. Please restructure the config for the colours and styles such that they're easy for me to manually edit in one place in case I want to play around with the font, background colour/s, etc.
3. I noticed that when in a smaller responsive mode designed for mobile, a collapsible menu under a sandwich icon is displayed. This is good UX but when you open the dialogue while at the top of the page, the frame in which the site headings are displayed is transparent, making them hard to read. It becomes opaque if you scroll away from the top of the site. Please change this to make it always opaque even if you're at the top of the site.

Secondly, restructure the files and directories such that blog and project pages are easy to add. I want a folder for each of these headings which contains markdown files where each file represents blog/project page content. Blog post and Project post pages can use identical page structure/formatting but I don't think there's a template for these styles of pages yet, so please leverage the existing HTML to create an appropriate new template page in which the markdown content can be embedded which will be explained in the next step. The old site used to have all the markdowns in the same "_posts" directory; I find this is a little unstructured and ideally I'd have a "projects" and "blog-posts" directory to help organise it better. Please however support markdown metadata in a similar way to the old post content; in particular I want support for titles, datetimes, and tags, but categories may not be necessary if we encode this in the folder structure. Please also ensure there's an appropriate place to store static media content like images, videos, and sound files.

Finally, I want to leverage a static site generation tool to rebuild the site when I add a blog post to one of the folders you created in the second step. I'm planning to host the site on Github Pages, so ideally the tool should be embedded as a Github Action or other method such that every time there's a commit to the repo the tool is run and the site regenerated with the new content. The workflow will be that I write a post or update one of the main pages and my expectation is that the push to the remote repo of that change causes the site to be rebuilt and the content of the appropriate pages is changed.