---
title: "Music production"
date: "2021-05-01"
tags: ["music", "creative"]
---

I find generally that the world of music is really opaque to me. Talking to
people, they almost all have this kind of formative experience during their
teenage years where they discover some band or genre of music that helps
shape their developing personality and informs at least part of their
direction.

Personally I never had such an experience; when I was a teenager, most of
the music I knew was written by Weird Al. I liked it because I thought it
was clever. Even now I have a passionate love for mashups like those from
[Neil Cicierega][mouthdreams] that doesn't seem to be shared by others.

As a result, I never really got into any particular genres of music. Most
of the popular music I knew and still know is either from a Guitar Hero
setlist or from one of my parents (and hence my love of '80s rock and pop).

In my burgeoning adulthood, I still find that others get more from music
than I do. Melbourne, the city where I live, is renowned for its independent
music and arts scene, but going to performances with my friends often leaves
me feeling unsatisfied in the same way that eating a bowl of white rice
or potato chips does. I see other people dancing and wonder why they feel
the need to. This is probably just me being awkward but I genuinely don't
get it, even if my reaction is performative.

To that end, I've made a conscious effort to try to produce my own music.
I hope this will give me a better understanding of what other people like
about music and help me discover more of it. In particular, I like electronic
music of the "lo-fi beats to chill/study/relax to" form, but also more upbeat
music that imparts feelings of certain places or experiences. I really like
[poolside.fm][poolside] for example, it makes me feel happy and is good
background noise for a social event.

I have already produced 3 songs at time of writing; I will probably upload
them somewhere under my own name unless and until I find a style that feels
unique, at which point I will label it with something I feel captures what
I'm going for. I will edit this post with links to the music when I have
uploaded it.

[mouthdreams]: https://soundcloud.com/neilcic/mouthdreams
[poolside]: https://poolside.fm/
